
Islands
        Overnight, Huja grew a tentacle where her left ear used to be. We don’t have many mirrors on board, and she must not have noticed it because when she came down to the mess hall, she hadn’t even parted her hair to cover it. I noticed the tentacle as soon as she entered. It was the size of a toothbrush, yellow scaled with rose spikes emerging from its back. The tip had a suction cup, and it bobbed as she walked. The tentacle's underside was furry, and it shredded strands when it curled. It was a real beauty, and she probably could have kept it hidden until we refueled in YonderLand if she had known.
            But, by the time she stepped in the mess hall, it was too late. The cabin crew had documented it as she walked past the six security cameras, RogerDat poked it when she past him in the hallway, and Rowbot discretely measured it when he was supposed to handing us our before-breakfast pills. I suppose she didn’t know anything was up, until Sup Gong got real close to her. Sup Gong never does that unless he wants ass or tentacle juice. He’s a burly man with muscles the size of dumbbells, and he has shoulders that are thicker than straight. He was in an asteroid boxing ring, until his sternum split in two. To this day, he still laces his coffee with MCT oil and butter. If we get in the shuttle-carts and bring him back some Roid, he treats us decent. But if we don’t, then we get broken ribs or a trip to the UltimaHole.
            “What you got here?” Sup Gong’s reaching for her, and Huja’s pressing her back against the shuttle hatch. “No ear,” Sup Gong chuckles. 
Huja, you can tell, is searching for me. Her eyes are wild, and they’re darting from table to table, lingering on the short and stout men. Both her arms are pinned back behind her, and she can’t touch her head, let alone the area that used to be her ear. She’s wearing black rubber boots, which are squeaking, and a pair of overalls that look two sizes too big. Everyone’s looking at her, but nobody’s saying anything. It’s just the mechanical thrum and Sup Gong. He’s leaning against her, and his one hand is sliding into her overalls, down and under. His other hand strokes her tentacle. With its juice, he can pay off his debt, get out of this shuttle, and own an island in the Pacific.
	Her eyes are dewing.  He’s making long strokes, and those aren’t the kind of caresses you’d make for an ear. No, for an ear, the strokes would be quick. No, for an ear, the strokes would be vertical. No, for an ear, the fingertip wouldn’t be tingly cold against the cartilage. 
Huja knows what it is now, and she’s squirming out of his grip. She’s kicking, biting, and her fingers are fumbling for his eyes. “Don’t touch it,” she’s saying. “Don’t touch me.” Her whole body is trembling, and her tentacle is twitching too. The suction tip is trying to attach itself to the hatch door and pull it open. It knows what is happening. It knows it is about to be juiced.
	Us, miners, turn to our food and start eating because it is one thing to see Sup Gong pursue a tentacle, and it’s another to see it being leeched. We fork spam and try to make conversation. 
But our eyes are still turned to Huja, and most of us still hope that she’ll get out of this mess. That she’ll somehow manage to free that hatch, dash to safety shuttle, and race to YonderLand before Sup Gong follows. 
She’s always been decent, scrapping spare spam for the shuttle cats and dynamiting the Roids when no one else wants to go deep. She’s whimpering now, and whimpering means the juice needle is out. It’s longer than butterfly needle, and it has a glass bottle at the end that is notched. The more juice, the more money – and that the notches record.
	Rowbot turns to me. “Let’s scat.”
	I am still spearing spam. “Could’ve been me.”
“We gotta go now.”
“Could have been you.”
“Dumb ass, don’t get sentimental on me.” Rowbot heaves his sachet of before-breakfast pills on his back. “She’s gonna shriek, and I don’t want to be here for that.”
	He’s right. And I don’t want to hear it either, but after a year being on her team, it feels wrong to leave her. She’s always cracking jokes about space cadets, giving us advice about the women back home, dreaming up her Pacific island. 
She describes her island when she’s scared: when the shuttle spurts gas and the engine light goes on, when we’re flying too close to a black hole, when mist rises from the depths of an asteroid, when a creak in the hub means a burly man is sneaking up on her, when Sup Gong sends her to the UltimaHole. She isn’t scared much, but when she talks about her island, it’s vivid. I can picture the coconut trees lining shore, the clams washing up, the stars that shimmer as though they’re farther away than they actually are.
“I’m leaving.” Rowbot is shaking his head. He’s heading to the door, and I am bringing the spam up to my lips, when Sup Gong sticks the juice needle in her tentacle, and the scream erupts. It’s so loud that the men flooding out of the mess hall cover their ears. That the shuttle rocks on its haunches, and Captain yells over the loud speakers, “Shut the fuck up.” But a scream set off can’t be taken back, and it wall-bounces for the next hour – getting softer, until it’s just a murmur and we’re left wondering if it happened at all.
	
	I have a tentacle, and only Rowbot and Huja know. My tentacle replaced my left big toe when the three of us were stuck on an asteroid for forty hours straight. A meteor shower was too close to the shuttle path, and Sup Gong commanded us to wait it out. We anchored ourselves to the Roids we’d dynamited out and floated in our man-made cave. There was no sky or gravity field, but Huja had snuck out a suited shuttle cat – and we watched her play with our anchoring rope. We could hear the sputter of meteors overhead. I don’t remember anything else, but Rowbot insists that my face became ice fungi blue all of a sudden, and I convalesced for a solid hour before the shuttle hub gave its warning that it was about to dock. He says he thought I was going to expire right there and then, and if I had, he wouldn’t have dragged me back on board. He would have sunk me in the deep.
Tentacles are hard to come by, and I hadn’t expected to have one – even when we de-suited in the hub. Few miners come here with a clean bill of health, and I’ve had my fair share of seizures before. But when I removed my socks before bed that night, I found a mica shine that didn’t resemble an ordinary toe. When I bent down for a closer inspection, I could see that my tentacle extended a solid inch and there were crystallized bumps that rose. It pronged off into two miniature suction cups, and on its belly, there was a silky texture like sheets back home. Its ambergris odor was hard to fathom up here, and I was transported to the beeches of New Zealand where I had once combed shores.
Tentacles emulate the past we’ll never experience again, and that in the olden days, asteroid miners took it as a sign they were going to die. It used to be that if you had a tentacle, you’d get sent to the deepest asteroid pit with the belief that it was only a matter of time before dynamite blew your face. 
It changed when Commander Feng shipped juice down to Earth in a crate and lab reports came back up. It prevents aging. It makes the young always young. The juice is now a craze. Lotion, make-up, and health food companies fight for a drop.

“Huja’s was bigger than yours.”
“Yeah?” 
“By a good three inches.”
“You think she’ll live?” 
Rowbot is dynamiting a Roid, and I am strapping the broken pieces in our cart. The rocks seem heavier without Huja here to lift them. We haven’t seen her for days. They have her locked up in the infirmary, and we need a pass to go visit. Neither of us has asked for one because Sup Gong’s been outside her door grinning, since he got her tentacle juice. He seems to think she’ll grow another one, if he keeps her there long.
“Naw. Once you’re juiced, your soul’s gone – and you can’t live like that. That’s how these parasites work. They worm their way into your soul, spout from your body, give you a few extra years with no wrinkles, and slurp your blood. Tentacles weren’t good for no man, even before the juicing industry.” 
“Cynical bastard.”
“It’s true. Us, humans, were never meant to live in space.”
“I’m not living here. Just mining.”
“Same diff.”
“Not for me. I’m gonna go back and sleep on silk. I am going to have a wife, and we’re gonna eat poached eggs with ambergris for every meal. And when she stares up at the asteroids, I am gonna tell her all the good stuff. I am gonna describe the way we could float all day without a current pulling us this way or that, how the meter showers that look like fireworks from the shuttle windows, and the humming Roids that scientists haven’t even recorded yet.”
“Bullshit.”
“And when she asks me if I would go back, I’d say, ‘Not for a sec.’ I’d say, ‘I got you babe. I’ll never leave.’ We’d fuck, and then we’d have four kids. Two girls, two boys. They’d grow up to become doctors, and they’d have good lives on the shore.”
“You gonna tell this wife of yours about your tentacle too? Because then she’s gonna juice you. She’s gonna juice you and buy her own fucking island on the Pacific.”
“Why do you do that Rowbot? Why do you take something good, and—”
“You gotta be practical, man.”
“I am.”
“I’m telling you, you better get off this hub before anyone finds out. Otherwise you’ll never get no wife to juice you when you have four kids.”

Rowbot and I are about as opposite as miners can be. He’s a scrawny fellow born in a country I’ve never head of. He grew up with five brothers, and all of them died when a tsunami hit – but he managed to hold onto a coconut tree, and he says he’s never dreamed of living on an island since. He signed up to be a miner because he wanted to see what his past looked like from above, and he’s happier here than he was down there because there aren’t as many objects up here that remind him of his family. He’s one of the few who didn’t come dreaming of money, and he’s even declared that if he were to get some, he’d give it away. “Cash,” he says, “makes men mad.” 
Some people fool you with their smiles, and you think that they’re as warm inside as they are on the outside. But he’s never put on any disguise or smile, and when he makes a promise, he keeps it. So I trust him, and I think he trusts me.
I am a stout man, a bit wider than wide. If they weren’t low on miners, the company wouldn’t have paid for my ticket up. I barely fit in the shuttle seats, and I can’t squeeze in the tunnels to dynamite deep. But few people want to adventure into space these days. On Earth, there are daily articles reporting the causalities, and it’s widely noted that its colder than Antarctica. The novelty of space wore of long ago, but the desire for its minerals has not. And in three years up here, you can make triple the salary you’d make in a decade on Earth. So when I booked my one-way ticket, I figured that I could make it big in five years or less. But it’s already been seven, and the company still hasn’t agreed to send me an expense-paid ticket down.
Although the company doesn’t make it easy to return, you can transfer to another mine, marry, upgrade to a larger cabin, and produce offspring at any time. The kids are taken to a boarding shuttle, where they take fieldtrips to all operating mines in the galaxy. Their parents can get a week off and come along these trips too. I haven’t married or upgraded, but I’ve been requested transfers to four different mines – and they all felt the same. Rowbot says he likes to see other asteroids too, and he’s probably been to the most out of all of us. He’s worked at all the ones past Jupiter and a few of the mines closest to Earth. He says he’s never heard of anyone going back to Earth in one piece, nor anyone buying their own island either. But RogerDat has tales of folks being shipped off with their Pacific deeds in hand, and most of us believe him.

My tentacle isn’t very noticeable because of boots. Besides, miners rarely look down. I can walk barefoot in the communal showers, and no one thinks twice about the faint mica shine. I suppose that if Huja’s had been smaller and looked more like an earring, she could have gotten away with it too. She might’ve had to transfer when her forehead stopped wrinkling, the bags under her eyes shrunk, and her calves appeared firmer, but eventually she could have made enough money to buy a plane ticket back to Earth. With her still-juiced tentacle, she would have been a star. She could have bought an island from the publicity of it.
	Tentacles are so rare that we’re only checked in our annual health exams if we sport a musky smell. No one knows how they acquired, but our supervisors say that humans have to be exposed to the speckled lichens and swallow a spore so that it goes down the windpipe instead of the digestive track. These lichens only exist in certain asteroids, and they only grow on humans that haven’t washed in a few weeks. And most times, the spores shoot out a tendril and then die, so that us miners wake up with a limp bag on our chests. But it’s the juice that makes the tentacles special, and it’s the juice that once pumped through our bodies, we can rarely live without.
We spend years in the rare mineral mines, and the spores are not the only life source that convenes in them. The ice fungi radiates blue if you’re too close, the molt insects hide at the crunch of boots, the speckled lichen is always out of reach, and the pinprick moss denigrates when touched. RogerDat speaks of velvety, four toothed Martians that roam the un-mined asteroid pits, but none of us have been to an un-mined asteroid before – and if there were Martians, then wouldn’t they be written about in the news too? 
The tentacles seem to be the only life forms that want us here, and even they seem unsure. I wake up some days in fear that my tentacle has juiced itself dry, has decided it no longer needs me, realized that I am not what it needs. I know I shouldn’t, but when no one’s around, I stroke it sometimes, and it makes a purring sound. Sometimes, it even burbles its juice, and I can feel a swelling in my foot. It’s a pleasant sensation, and I have come to hope it will be passed on through my genes, hope someday my island kids will feel the purring too.  

	Sup Gong calls the crew into the mess hall on Saturday. It’s our only day off, and most of us are rehydrating in the common rooms. Cards are being played, and there’s even a few dice out, which we haven’t seen since Huja’s tentacle was juiced. Most the men are dressed in sweats, although a few of us still have our overalls on. You never know when there’s gonna be a drill, and we’ll have to sprint to the shuttles to put our spacesuits on. But we can all tell from Sup Gong’s voice over the loud speaker that isn’t one of those times. This is about his obsession; this is about his belief that there are more tentacles on board.
	Rowbot holds up his cards and says real loudly, “Jeremiah has the flu.”
	A few miners look over to me, and I pretend to blow my nose. But then RogerDat pounds me on the back, grunting that I have to go too. He’s Sup Gong’s enforcer. He clasps his hand to my shoulder, and tells me to “move.” We shuffle our decks, slip them in our pockets, and trip down the hallway, past the six cameras, and into the mess hall. The cooks have cleared out, and the counters have been wiped clean. 
There’s a note on one of them. “Don’t feed the cats.” I crumple it for Huja’s sake. We haven’t seen her in a month, but there’s talk that she’s thinner than sheets now. There’s talk that she can barely open her eyes, and that she keeps mentioning her island. She keeps muttering under her breath that the coconut trees she dreamt were never actual trees, but miners who were stick skinny and naked with leaves instead of hair, that the clams washing up on her shores are really bone and not just any bones but our bones. When she sees one of her shuttle cats, she thinks it’s a Roid, and she yells that we should put it back because its gonna destroy her tide. It’s gonna whitewash the colors of her shore. There’s more than white bubbles coming out of her mouth, and she never was crazy before.  

When the mess hall is full, Sup Gong lunges his legs up and onto the counter. He’s fists are bandaged, and you can tell that he must’ve boxed someone good. A vein is threading his left arm blue, and you can see some of Huja’s spittle on his overalls. His stub has grown into a full-sized beard, and it’s sticking to itself in clumps. 
“You should have transferred weeks ago, fool,” Rowbot hisses in my ear. “Look at him. He’s gonna juice you dry.” Rowbot’s carrying his before-breastfast pill sachet, and it’s flatter than it should be. I elbow him in the stomach and peek a glance at RogerDat, but RogerDat is staring out at UltimaHole.
 It’s barely visible from the mess hall, but you can see the metal tube and ceramic ring that connect the UltimaHole to the hub. The tube’s interior is dotted with spikes, and if your spacesuit gets to close to one, the spike will tear it open, you’ll feel unbearable cold. Your skin, if you’re left there for a few more minutes, will freeze off your body. If left there for a few hours, will grow numb. You have to float with no pressurized cabin to keep you upright, and should you loose control from the cramped space or the overwhelming nothingness, one of the spikes just might pierce you through. “No one’s supposed to be there,” RogerDat’s murmuring. But both he and I can make out a pair of legs.
Sup Gong holds up his hand, and the mess hall quiets. “I have called us here because Huja has told me something that all of us should know.” 
We are surprised to hear her name from him. We glance at each other to be sure. And as the crowd moves, I tuck my boot under the counter. 
“There’s a man on board who has a tentacle for a toe.” 
I hiss, look around. But it’s too late. Us, miners, are shaking off our boots, stripping out of our socks, ready to get back to our cards and dice. RogerDat kicks me in the shin. “Get on it.” His own sock looks like its made out of pinprick moss, and his toes are hairier than his back. 
I bend down and pull off my right boot. It comes off easily in my hands. My sock is cat piss yellow and damp with sweat. I peel it off. But RogerDat is still waiting, and so I stuff the sock in the boot, and start on my left foot. I gently remove my boot and set it under the counter. Blood is rushing to my head, and I feel my cheeks turning an iced fungi blue. The bulge is more visible through my sock, and RogerDat smiles as if it’s the biggest joke. 
“Think we got something here, boss.” 
My foot is tingly, and my heart is beating so fast that I can barely stand up straight. I unroll the cat piss sock from my ankle, from my sole, and down to my toes. The tentacle comes out, and it’s shining its mica silver in the mess hall light, and the crystallized bumps are standing straight up. There’s a whiff of ambergris. I’m closing my eyes, and I’m propping myself against the counter because all of a sudden Sup Gong is there, and he has his juice needle out, and I know it’s no time for my tentacle be full. 
Dry up, juice.
 I’m thinking about Huja, and how she kicked. 
Go limp before he can get you. 
But there’s no kick me, only a hollow, dry swallow as the needle comes close. 
Tentacle, the space cat. Juice it. Sup Gong won’t look there.
And then the needle is poking into the flesh, and my tentacle is shrinking, my tentacle is retracting – and the flesh on my feet is suddenly stretched tight, and the skin around my cheeks snaps to my cheekbones. 
Suddenly Sup Gong’s puffing. “Where’s the juice?” he’s yelling because the tentacle is going dry, but there’s nothing in his needle. He’s on the floor searching for a spill, for a leak, but there’s only me, and I am feeling juiced, and my head is feeling woozy, and the cat is hissing, then purring, then hissing, and I can see the asteroid in the distance, and I know that it is my island, has been my island the whole time, that the Roids with their speckled lichen are better than palm trees. I know that it is Huja’s slender legs dangling out from the UltimaHole, and she’s collecting clams on her shore, and I yell, “Wait! There’s some for me?” and I can see her legs bobbing yes, I will save some clams for you.