
Love Me
Mangy wants a uterus, so I gift him mine for his birthday. He unzips the aluminum cooler with the light-up wheels. When he sees what’s inside, he thumps his chest and howls, “Yes!” He’s wanted a uterus for as long as I can remember, but it’s hard to find someone who’s willing to donate one. No woman he’s ever been with has said yes to his request, and from his stories, he’s been with a lot of women.
“Put it in me?” he asks.
“No,” I say, “I am not qualified. I’m an archeologist.”
“But you took it out.”
“Not by myself.”
“I will be more grateful than grateful.”
“Will you love me forever?”
“Yes.”
“You’ll never leave me?”
“Put it in me right now.” He’s laughing, and his handlebar mustache is curling up. His cheeks are flush, and his forehead is glistening in the fluorescent light. He’s a bulky man with a long nose and setback eyes. “And the ovaries too?” He’s still laughing as he pulls my hips to him and he kisses me on my abdomen. 
I give him all the aspirins we have in the house, lay him down on the dinning room table, and open him up with a knife. He barely fits on the dinning room table. He’s so bulky. He passes out before the second cut, so I can’t ask which organs he wants removed. I stare at his cake and the birthday banner, which he made for himself. “There’s only so much room.” I scalpel his gallbladder, spleen, and a slice of his liver. My fingers tremble because I’ve never done anything like this before. It’s nothing like brushing dirt from artifacts or bones. “We should have gone to a doctor.” I pull out my mending kit, dip a needle in tequila, and sew my uterus and ovaries to his digestive track.

His happiness is contagious and inside my own body there is so much room. While I wait for Mangy to wake up. I hum Frank Ocean and whirl around the room. I am wearing an empire dress, and it spins so full that I’m still whirling when Mangy wakes. He is beaming as he opens his eyes. They don’t seem so setback anymore. “You did it, Berta?” he asks. “I got a uterus in me?”
“Yes,” I say. “How do you feel?”
“Full.” He doesn’t even notice the stitches. He does several sit-ups before he asks if there is any birthday cake left. I ask what size slice he wants, and he says, “big.” The cake is sitting on the windowsill behind the blinds, so I draw them up. Then I cut a chunk the size of his spleen with my knife, and I serve it to him with my hands. Mangy takes a bite, but doesn’t finish it because he can barely sit still. He says, “This is the best day ever.” He says, “It’s like all my dreams are coming true.” He says, “My mother would be proud.” 

I don’t tell Mangy, but I sell his organs online. Someone messages, “Why you selling?” I type, “Fun.” The spleen and gallbladder go for $100,000 because they’re in such good shape. Mangy is healthy, hasn’t been sick a day in his life. The liver slice goes for $31,000 because I knicked it and all.
I plan a honeymoon with the extra cash. I book tickets to the Dominican and reserve rooms at the highest rated hotel. It is only $2,200 a night, so I buy lingerie too. When I tell Mangy that we are going, he doesn’t even ask if we should get married first. So I buy us both rings, and we say our vows on the plane right before the flight attendant brings us food. Mangy asks for two helpings, and the flight attendant says, “You must be a football player. You are a bulky man,” but when the food arrives, Mangy barely touches his buttered roll. 
I’m feeling lighter than light, so I take his butter roll and his two dishes and eat mine as well, and the flight attendant applauds me when I finish, and says that I must be the football player. “I’m a model,” I lie. “But if you want, I can be a football player too.” She thinks that means I want another meal, so I dab all three napkins to my mouth and say, “Can you sing? We just got married.” She tells the co-pilot, and the co-pilot tells the pilot, so when we land in the Dominican everyone sings to us before we step off the plane. A few people even ask for my autograph because they think I’m a model. Mangy doesn’t look too pleased about the song or the autographs, but his eyes seem real upfront and close. He’s much happier than he’s ever been, that I’m sure.

When we are in the baggage claim, Mangy twists his mustache into four thick strands. He resets his watch, rolls his shoulders back. He even buttons and unbuttons the top of his shirt. Finally he says, “I want to get pregnant.”
 “But I just gave you my uterus.”
“I know.”
“So how can we get pregnant?”
“I mean me, I, I want to get pregnant.”
“Fine,” I say because what else am I supposed to say? Arguments are not conducive to honeymoons. I ignore my jealousy as he walks over to a man twice my size. The man is wearing thick-rimmed, no-lens glasses and a shirt so unbuttoned that I can see the tuffs of his lower stomach hair. Mangy asks him the word for taxi in Spanish. 
“Taxi is taxi,” I mutter. Mangy pretends not to hear, but I know he does. The large man pulls a pen from behind his ear, pats his pockets for a receipt, and jots something down. 
When he returns, Mangy’s holding the man’s number in his hand. “Got it,” he says. He folds the receipt into his wallet, pecks me on the cheek, then lifts our luggage with both arms.
“So you’re gonna choose that man then?”
“I am trying to get us to the hotel, babe.”
“You promised you’d always love me, just me.”
“I will.” Mangy carries all but the lingerie bag outside. I help a little. A taxi driver puts the suitcases in his trunk. None of us talk in the car. We stare at the barred houses on the side of the road, and the children kicking soccer balls in the alleys. I estimate how many millimeters the coconuts on the palm trees are. 
But by the time we reach the hotel, I have decided to give Mangy a break because he’s just trying to use his new organs, and didn’t I use his?  I have $6,000 in my purse, and there’s more than that in our bank accounts. As Mangy unloads our luggage, I tip the driver. I point out my new ring too. I don’t know the words for ring in Spanish, and the driver thinks I’m offering it. “No,” I say. “I’m married. This is a symbol of true love.”

	We get pina coladas and head to the beach. The waves sparkle when they crash into the sand, and there are palm trees everywhere. I ask Mangy if he wants to climb one, but he doesn’t think that’s a good idea. “We’re gonna be parents,” he says. Every once in a while, he bends down and scoops up a handful of particles so white they make us look tan. 
The particles make me think what I should ask Mangy for my birthday. It’s eight months away, but months can go by like seconds when you’re rich like we are now, so I make a list:
a rare pre-Columbian Norse artifact,
two dresses from Gisele Bundchen’s wardrobe,
a phone record of every single call I have made since the fourth grade,
 the Voynich Manuscript, and
 the world’s first 3D printed gun.
I try to tell Mangy my list, but he’s rented a surfboard for the afternoon, and he’s riding waves because that’s “more adult than climbing trees.” He’s riding them with these three chicks, and I know I shouldn’t be checking to see if he flirts with them, but I do. When they are swimming out for a wave, he chortles a little, and he grazes two of their shoulders when he almost falls from his board a second later. “Don’t be so jealous,” I tell myself. “He loves you. He promised to love your forever.”  
I spend the next hour wondering if I could ask Mangy to cut off his mustache for my birthday, or if that would be taking it too far.

Mangy doesn’t want to leave the beach, but my pina colada has melted. I call the hotel with my phone. I ask for a lobby boy to bring me another, and they say that it will take 40 minutes because it’s not their beach that I’m reclining on. “Take your time,” I comfort the staff. “I’m on vacation. I got all the time in the world.”
There’s not much to do on vacation, so I check my watch often. It takes the lobby boy 56 minutes, and his jacket has armpit stains because of the heat. I tell him to sit down, relax. It’s not good to sweat so much. The brain is prone to overheating.  I ask him if he ever thought about donating an organ to help a cause. When he looks terrified, I say, “Don’t worry, I’m not talking about your brain.” I say, “Don’t you love hypothetical questions?” I say, “If your younger brother got in a car crash, would you gift him a kidney?” 

We got back to the hotel for dinner, and Mangy orders a steak. For the first time, since his uterus implant, he finishes his whole meal. He even asks what the restaurant is serving for dessert, but it’s coconut ice cream with honey sprinkles. He’s never like coconuts very much.
“You’re feeling better?”
“I never felt bad.”
“But you’re eating again. Cool, cool.”
“Tomorrow let’s have—”
“Thought more about the pregnancy?”
“Yeah,” he says, “I’m gonna do it. I’m gonna get pregnant here.”
“I’m your wife.”
“I know.”
“It’s my decision too.”
He raises his hand for the check. “I thought you already agreed. In the baggage claim?”
“I did, but I didn’t.” 
We’re silent for a while. I try to bring up the Taino and the gold mines. I even mention wanting a phone record of every call I’ve made since the fourth grade, but Mangy is pissed. He is stabbing his fork into the tablecloth, and his eyes are setback so far that they’re like holes. The waitress notices because she wants a good tip. She brings us two shots of rum with our checks. 
 “You can’t drink when you’re pregnant,” I say. 
“So you agree?”
 “You just gotta love me more than the baby.”
 “I know,” Mangy grins and waves over the waitress. “More shots. We’ve gonna have a baby.”

Mangy goes upstairs to make a private call, so I sit at the bar. The lobby boy passes through with a tray of half-eaten food. I tell him that I was just kidding about his brother and the kidney, but he keeps looking at the floor. I put my finger under his chin and bring his face up to mine. “Look at me,” I say. “It’s not going to happen. Your brother is never going to die.” 

With a bottle of wine tucked under my arm, I slip my keycard into the door. Mangy is kneeling on the white carpet. He’s shirt is on the bed, and his belt is unbuckled.
“You’re excited.”
“We thought we’d wait for you,” he says.
I put the bottle on the desk and search the kitchenette for an opener. “We?”
“Yeah, we.” The bathroom door opens, and the man from the baggage claim steps out. He’s wearing a pastel shirt with daisies on it, and his lens free glasses are low on his nose. 
“I heard so much about you,” the man shakes my hand. “You’re?”
“Berta.”
 “The archeologist?”
“His wife,” I point to Mangy.
“I saw the ring.”
“Oh.”
The man from the baggage claim takes out his dick. “Honeymoon, right?” He puts it in Mangy’s mouth, and Mangy becomes all lips.

On the plane home, Mangy requests four meals. The fight attendant says that there is a limit of one per person, and he can register a complaint with the airline if he wants. 
“He’s a football player,” I argue.
“One meal.”
Mangy tells me not to worry about it. “I had tres golpes for breakfast.”
“We just got married.”
The flight attendant shrugs her shoulders. “That doesn’t change the rules.”

On the last day of the fourth week since our honeymoon, I gift Mangy a pair of pregnancy tests. Since pee doesn’t cut it, he spits on them. One comes up blue, one pink. “Must have been the acid in the tomato I ate.” It’s all a bunch of bullshit because we didn’t even have tomatoes for dinner. But he’s muttering about the crap tests all through my favorite television show, so I drive him to CVS to buy more. “Just be quick.”  Mangy reads the back of each box, and it takes so long that I check out before he’s done. I get him the $1 cheap ones because it’s stupid to take the test at night anyway. “I shouldn’t have got him any to begin with,” I mutter. “It was a stupid gesture.” I check my watch.
The cashier gives me a sympathetic look. “He looks like he’s worried.”
“He’s not.”
“Ok.” She rings me up.
 “We’re married, see.” She doesn’t look at my finger as finishes ringing me up. 

 “I want to surprise folks,” Mangy is wearing a pair of no-lens thick-rimmed glasses. He’s pushing them forward and back as he sits on the bed. “You won’t tell anyone?”
 “You’re the love of my life.”
“It’s gonna be a girl.”
“The tests don’t tell you that.”
“I can feel her uterus inside of me.”
“I got to go to work.” I am supposed to be reconstructing a skeleton and threading a necklace from 2,400 years ago, but at work, I can barely control myself. I break a glass bottle and pace, until my boss tells me to take the day off. I spend the rest of the afternoon looking at pictures from our honeymoon. There’s one with the pastel flower shirt man. He’s got his arm causally swung around Mangy’s shoulder, and Mangy’s smiling so wide that you can see eight of his teeth. 

Mangy starts showing in his fourth month. His mustache is even bushier than before, and his eyes are upfront. He positively glows, but the neighbors hardly notice because his torso has ballooned. 
“He has tumor, doesn’t he?” they whisper when he’s out of earshot.
“Yes.”
“How long have you known?”
“We’ve know for a while, but didn’t want pity.”
“We’ll be here for you.” 
“It’s so hard to take care of him by myself.”
“We know.”
“They’d remove the tumor – if only someone were willing to donate a liver. Then he’d be able to survive. What blood type are you? Have you ever donated before?”

Because Mangy doesn’t do much with social media these days, I take pictures of Mangy’s torso and plaster them on the Internet with captions. I even send out a few messages to the folks who were interested in buying his spleen, but didn’t fork over the cash fast enough. “Did you like those organs?” I type. “He’s got more.”

	Because everyone’s always touching his shoulders in sympathy, Mangy spends most days in bed. His handlebar mustache nearly reaches his chin, and he spends hours curling it with his fingertips. He no longer drinks or watches television or asks me what lingerie I want to try on, he just twirls his mustache and reads baby name books. 
“You should name it baggage.”
 Mangy pretends to chuckle, even though he knows it wasn’t a joke. His eyes are setback, like the baby is draining his whites away. He no longer glows. He wears extra-extra-large mumus, and he eats entire cakes that our neighbors deliver.

To make Mangy happy, I bring him gifts like heating pads, natural birth pamphlets, pickles, and rare steaks. Sometimes, I massage his feet because they’re swollen. I even have his wedding ring resized, so it can still fit on his finger. “I’m a good wife.”
“Thank you.” 
“You have to always love me more than anything in the world.”
“I will.”
When the conversation lulls, Mangy pulls out his laptop and logs into work to finish a few data sets. I tell him he doesn’t need to because we have money in our bank accounts, and we will be good for at least two years. He responds, “Babies are expensive.” I reel my eyes because I am expensive too.

On my birthday, I wake up early and go to Pilates to give him some time to set up a surprise gift. When I sign my name on the class attendance sheet, I write, “Berta: football model.” The instructor doesn’t notice, but the woman after me does. 
“Creative,” she says. “I never though about putting down more than my name.”
“Names aren’t everything,” I say.
“True.”
“I’m reading naming books these days.”
“Pregnant?”
“Yeah.”
“Your flat.”
“Thanks. Would you name your baby baggage?”
“No,” the woman shakes her head, “Is that a joke?”
Before class starts, I whisper to the instructor that it’s my birthday and my husband is getting me the first 3D printer gun ever made. She claps me on the back and announces it to the class. The woman who signed her name after me says, “She’s pregnant too.” Everyone high-fives me then, and I decide to write that on the name log too.

When I park my car in the driveway, I am so excited that I am sweating from all glands. I unlock the front and yell, “Mangy, I’m home.” He isn’t in the dinning room or kitchen, and there’s no banner in sight. “Mangy, it’s my birthday. You remembered right?”
I climb the stairs and head for the bedroom. He puts his baby name book down and sits up. He’s grinning. I’m so excited. 
“Is it the 3D printer gun?” I ask.
“No.”
“Two dresses from Gisele Bundchen’s wardrobe?”
“No.” Mangy hands me an envelope. I rip it open with my teeth and try to pull the paper out with my tongue. It takes me a second to realize what it is because it is xeroxed. It’s a photocopy of the Voynich Manuscript. 
Would he have wanted just a photograph of my uterus? No!
“You like it?”
“Kinda.”
 “It was so hard to get a hold of,” he says, which such bullshit. “I had to contact six people before I could get the full version of it. Now you get to break the code.”
	There’s no cake or banner, so I print out pictures from his birthday and hang them by our bed. He’s reaching for one when his mouth opens, and fluid leaks onto his mustache and mumu. It spills onto my hand, and I have to wipe it off on the sheets.
“You can’t do this on my birthday.”
“She’s coming out.”
“I never even wanted a kid.” 
His neck is bulging so large that it looks like it’s gonna split. His cervical vertebrae are making a cracking sound. But the naked soft skull in his throat is still forcing its way up. Mangy pumps his rib cage, and he twists his body till his head faces the ground. He’s eyes are so forward, that they don’t even appear attached anymore. 
“You didn’t even get me a good gift.”
“Pull,” he’s screaming. “Pull.” 
I don’t move.
“I love you so much, Berta. Pull.”
I move to the carpeted floor, put my hands in his mouth, and grab the soft head. I pull with all my might, and the shoulders emerge – then the butt and its legs. It’s messy, and I nearly loose my ring inside his throat. But the infant is wailing, and Mangy’s so happy. It’s like he has been waiting for this for his entire life. 
“You’ll love me forever?” I wipe the blood on his mumu.
“Yes,” he’s laughing and reaching for the soft head, for the umbilical cord. “Yes, I promise, I will.”